1. do following changes
    1. remove "@@' from add new pproduct
    2. make the category selection optional
    3.add % sign in tax box  befor amount value
    4.. 
2. On new receipt modal
    1. chnage thhe showing structure of the added product like email, color, tax and discount. they will be shows as infio texts, can be edited by a edit button, 
    2. after adding a oproduct discount fields showing noithing, should be shown discount vvalue
    3. show the final value after calculating tax, discount
    4. the beloow subtotal sectionshow here the itmes of produts with its info value wwith tablerow  and values will be totals of added products
    5. show % sign where we ares showing tax  like add product, seleted prodts and added produts ionfo
    6. do noot make sub scrollbar when multiple produxt are added, show on the main page mail s croll willl increease
    7. the calculations are showing wrong, its like if a product price is 100 and 10% tax and 10 flat discount is applied calculations will be (100-10)*10% 

3. do following changes on generated receipt
    1. show discounted amount and applied tax with each products info section with imei and color and separate them properly
    2. shoow tax and discount columns in the items table 
    3. i wwanna show the discount and tax something differnetly as we can apply these on individual and overall toal products 
4. when sidebar is collapsed, hovering over the menu items cretes a horizontal scriollbar and  the toolotip should be on top of the page so that it visible, put the sidebar toggle somewhere else like in between sidebar and header section
5. need preview the template , add eye icon at actionn buttons on receiprr tempplates page table
6. show latest items on top for all tables of all pages 
7. on recreate receipt modal i want  fuctionality like a toggle like user only can add tax or discount either individually or collectively, if user select indivisual then vat tax field will be taken from individual product if collectively then individually will not possible user has to set them at summery section. and set tax and discount differtently on ui on summey section, add divider  
8.on receipt template create modal, if collective is selected make the tax  fiekd 0 by default if undividal is set  show the data set to a product same do for discount 


9. ok i wanna make some changes on modals, this will be applied on add receipt,add products, add category, add shop and add user, the header and footer will be fixed and their height will be minimal and small, header will contain modal name on left and and cross icon with functionality will be on right and on bottom footer, this will be narroow in height and action buttons, and make the modals scrollable on mobile and tab ensuring the header and footer fixed and content scrollable


10. unable to delete user shows unable to setup required, failed to send requestt to edge function
11. dollar sign
12. modal scroll > user
13. forgot password, > redirect link
14. send via mail
15. brand user update
16. redefine user permisssion
17. permission a assign template drkr nav, only view and create thakbe
18. permisiion not reflection other portal
on sidebar collapse, the shop seletion dropdown is not showing, unable to select shop when sidbear is in collapsed mode state
when ther is only one show, no need to show shop selection dropdown, specially for super user and admin, they can have one shop sho no need to show dropdown for them



4. on user , when i open the add user modal and close the modal without saving anything, it reloads, should not reload , only reload if save button is clicked
5. on prod unable to save white label
6. need to work on filter
7. template can be opened on desktop only, on other device show warning to open this page on desktop
8. the generated receipts are not responsive on mobile, i want this like it should show same as desktop on mobile or tab but with scrollbar both horizontal and vertical but preserves its original view no need to make it responsive i mean the receipt
9. do same for receipt details page, and keep the most of the space for receipt view and the data should be shrinked width
10. on generated receipt the receipt id should be same as on portal and on the generated receipt, currently receipt id we are showing on the receipt list should be show on generated receipt and also on the header of the receipt details page .
11. on receipt template builder page, sidebar should always collapsed mode by default , but user can expend if they want
12. need an option to send the generated receipt to send on email and social media specially on email, whatsapp, messenger (this can be done like if email selected, a predefined email body will set , receipt pdf will be attached, customer email will be set to send , and a beautiful meaningful subject line should be added, it should be complete ready to send type, same goes for social share , if send , status will be sent



Major
1. if any shop is inactive status, all activity of that shop will be paused, no user can login to the shop(super admin, admin) rather they will see a notice while logging in to the shop saying shop is not found, please contact to the author,  nothing can be created (as grand user) for the shop but the shop data will still remain , frontend will show as disabled with disabled icon and making it active will resume everything like before.
2. add active status for users and functionality will be same. if active he can access, if not hen while login if creds are correct shows notice, also add column on users table
3. On receipt details page, i see the preview takes a lot of spaces and the other info section gets broken for that, so make 40/60 ration a month the two columns and if there is not enough space to show the preview we can already have scroll to show the receipt to keep its best form intact
4. remove the text from add user modal "for Supabase user setup" and also the placeholder of the password
5. for pwa icon and app name should be dynamic which would be the global brand data when all workspaces is selected
6. on shop > add /edit shop. status dropdown data are not showing correct place
7. as admin, after login, it reloads 2 times
8. when sidebar is collapsed, the image is also srinking, rather the shop logo should remain same size on both expended and collapsed mode
Minor
1. on receipt table i see dollar sign, make it taka sign
2. on add shop modal > the shop url should be not mandatory, make it optional 
3. looged in as super admin, favicon is not updating, not seeng browser tab
