1. rename the text vendor to 'shop' from entire site only frontend all pages, 
2. no need to make group for receipt product categories, make as normal option
3. i see a new issue , the tab gets auto reload if i move to another tab and again come back to the xreceipt tab, same if i minimize the window, this is not browser issue, its a geneuine issue, fix it properly
4. i wanna add some new option like 'imei or modal' and 'color', these will be added on add receipt modal, and these will related to each product , so adjust it and group customer info as customer info and prouct item as products, also these data will show on generated receipt columns on item section
5. redesign the dashboard with all view and all info a admin should see with historial data and all the dashboard should be modern and very design 
6. add red asterisk to all mandatory fields applicable for all forms of entire site
7. make the receipt number unique and short of 10 digit and it should be unique and must be based on shop name, and incremental number
8. on receipt, the company name wll be the selected shop name , so filled the receipt builder company name with the selected shop name and can be edited from here 
9. no need to show here company name 



10. If a do a simple reload it holds the old data and layout, doing hard refresh shows the updated data
--11. admin can see all systems product after reload
--12. admin can edit and delete with view permission 
--13. Super admin can see only his shops data such as receipts, templates, admins , products, categories etc
--14. Dashboard data are not showing for admins
--15. As admin Unable to update categories 
--16. grand admin > Add/edit user , need to work on assign specific part
``17. unable to set image for admin AS GRAND USER
~~18. Remove shop name from below admin name on user tab, and show tooltip on hover on assign column shops name, also make column title from assign to ASSIGNED SHOP
19. Need to work on permissions 
    . admins permissions should be shop specific, 
    . like an admin can be assigned to multiple shops but he can have full permission for a shop and also he can have a very small permission for another shop
20. Deleting any user from system should also delete from superbase authentication too also delete from user table 
~~21. On add user modal , i want to show data in tabs like basic info as a tab and permission in separate tab~~
~~22. on Receipt page do the followings~~
~~    . receipt can be associated with only one shop, so remove multi selectable and show only the shop under whose the receipt is created.~~
~~    . change column name from “ASSIGNED” to “ASSIGNED SHOP”~~
~~    . Unable to edit receipt and save~~
~~23. on Receipt Template page do the followings~~
    . clicking edit should open the template bulder with existing data 
    . remove preview column 
    . Rename ASSIGNED to “ASSIGNED SHOP”
    . Add new column “USED” ; this will show total number how much this template is already used
~~24. on Products page do the following changes~~
    . Rename “ASSIGNED” to “ASSIGNED SHOP” 
    . remove multi selection feature from assigned column and it should be single one meaning 1 product can be assigned to only one shop
    . Add a new column “SOLD” this will show total number of how many times this product is sold 
~~25. on Categories page do the following changes~~
    . Rename “ASSIGNED” to “ASSIGNED SHOP” 
    . remove multi selection feature from assigned column and it should be single selected meaning 1 category can be assigned to only one shop
~~26. on Shops page do the following changes~~
    . show email below shop name 
    . remove email column
    . Make ASSIGN ADMIN multi selectable 
    . make the action buttons borderless 
    . remove the 2nd action button
    . 
27. Responsiveness
    . Need to work on this for each page
28. i see a issue, as grand user, when all shop is selected, he can see all items like receipts, templates, products, categories etc he will see all the items  in the db, but  create button will be disabled and show tooltip as "Select a shop first" then after he selects any shop the create button should be enabled,
29. grand user can see the dropdown items in modals(new receipt , receipt template dropdown) , show only items in the selected shop, not all the items of db, also applies for  super admin and admin
30. as grand user  then receipt tab, show all receipts of all shops if all shops is selected, if any shop is selected then show only receipts of that shop
31. Need to add image upload functionality for shop, images will be saved at db , and reupload will replace the image and delete wil also delete the image from db storage too
32. as admin he can not see menu options, though admin has permissions for those menu tab,
33. as grand admin, shop page, clicking on assigned admin, it show 2 modal, on the dropdown make the modal multi selectable with highlighted with light shade color , or you can use checkbox similar we have on user page 


34. still double dropdown issue on receipt template page
35. on shop page, the assign admin dropdown should be multi selectable and shows exact behavior of user page assigned admin drpdown